in the 25th year of our captivity at the
beginning of the year on the tenth day
of the month in the 14th year after the
city was captured on the very same day
the hand of the Lord was upon me and he
took me there in the visions of God he
took me into the land of Israel
and sent me on a very high mountain on
it toward the south was something like
the structure of a city he took me there
and behold there was a man whose
appearance was like the appearance of
bronze he had a line of flocks and a
measuring rod in his hand and he stood
in the Gateway and the man said to me
son of man look with your eyes and hear
with your ears and fix your mind on
everything I show you for you were
brought here so that I might show them
to
declare to the house of Israel
everything you see
[Music]
now there was a wall all around the
outside of the temple in the man's hand
was a measuring rod six cubits long each
being a cubit and a hand breadth and he
measured the width of the walls
structure one rod and the height one rod
and then he went to the Gateway which
faced east and he went up its stairs and
measured the threshold of the gateways
which was one rod wide and the other
threshold was one rod wide each gate
chamber was one rod long and one rod
wide between the gate chambers was a
space of five cubits and the threshold
of the gateway by the vestibule of the
inside gate was one rod he also measured
the vestibule of the inside gate one rod
then he measured the vestibule of the
gateway eight cubits and the gateposts
two cubits the vestibule of the gate was
on the inside
in the Eastern Gateway there were three
gate chambers on one side and three on
the other the three were all the same
size also the gate posts were of the
same size on this side and that side
he measured the width of the entrance to
the Gateway
10 cubits and the length of the gate 13
cubits there was a space in front of the
gate chambers one cubit on this side and
one cubit on that side the gate chambers
were six cubits on this side and six
cubits on that side then he measured the
gateway from the roof of one gate
chamber to the roof of the other the
width was twenty five cubits as door
phases door he measured the gate posts
sixty cubits high and the court all
around the Gateway extended to the gate
post from the front of the entrance gate
to the front of the vestibule of the
inner gate was fifty cubits
there were beveled window frames in the
gate chambers and in their intervening
archways on the inside of the gateway
all around and likewise in the
vestibules there were windows all around
on the inside and on each gate post were
palm trees then he brought me into the
outer court and there were chambers and
a pavement made all around the court
30 chambers face the pavement the
pavement was by the side of the gateways
corresponding to the length of the
gateways this was the lower pavement
then he measured the width from the
front of the lower gateway to the front
of the inner court exterior 100 cubits
toward the east and the north on the
outer Court was also a gateway facing
north and he measured its length and its
width its gate chambers 3 on this side
and three on that side its gate posts
and its archways had the same
measurements as the first gate its
length was 50 cubits and its width 25
cubits its windows and those of its
archways and also its palm trees had the
same measurements as the Gateway facing
east
it was ascended by seven steps and its
archway was in front of it a gate of the
inner court was opposite the Northern
Gateway just as the eastern gateway and
he measured from gateway to gateway 100
cubits after that he brought me toward
the south and there a gateway was facing
south and he measured its gate posts and
archways according to these same
measurements there were windows in it
and in its archways all around like
those windows its length was 50 cubits
and its width 25 cubits seven steps led
up to it and its archway was in front of
them and it had palm trees on its gate
posts
one on this side and one on that side
there was also a gateway on the inner
court facing south and he measured from
gateway the Gateway toward the South 100
cubits then he brought me to the inner
court through the southern gateway he
measured the southern gateway according
to these same measurements also its gate
chambers its gate posts and it's
archways were according to these same
measurements there were windows in it
and in its archways all around it was 50
cubits long and 25 cubits wide there
were archways all around 25 cubits long
and five cubits wide its archways face
the outer court palm trees were on its
gate posts and going up to it were eight
steps and he brought me into the inner
court facing east he measured the
gateway according to these same
measurements also its gate chambers its
gate posts and its archways were
according to these same measurements and
there were windows in it and in its
archways all around it was 50 cubits
long and 25 cubits wide its archways
face the outer court and palm trees were
on its gate posts on this side and on
that side and going up to it were eight
steps then he brought me to the North
gateway and measured it according to
these same measurements also its gate
chambers its gate posts and its archways
it had windows all around its length was
50 cubits and its width 25 cubits
it's gateposts face the outer court palm
trees were on its gateposts on this side
and on that side and going up to it were
eight steps there was a chamber and its
entrance by the gateposts of the Gateway
where they washed the burnt offering in
the vestibule of the Gateway were two
tables on this side and two tables on
that side on which to slay the burnt
offering the sin offering and the
trespass offering at the outer side of
the vestibule as one goes up to the
entrance of the Northern Gateway were
two tables and on the other side of the
vestibule of the gateway or two tables
four tables were on this side and four
tables on that side by the side of the
Gateway eight tables on which they
slaughtered the sacrifices there were
also four tables of hewn stone for the
burnt offering one cubit and a half long
one cubit and a half wide and one cubit
high on these they laid the instruments
with which they slaughtered the burnt
offering and the sacrifice inside were
hooks a handbreadth wide fastened all
around and the flesh of the sacrifices
was on the tables outside the inner gate
were the chambers for the singers in the
inner court one facing south at the side
of the Northern Gateway and the other
facing north at the side of the southern
gateway then he said to me
this chamber which faces south is for
the priests who have charged the temple
the chamber which faces north is for the
priests who have charge of the altar
these are the sons of Zadok from the
sons of levi who come near the Lord to
minister to him and he measured the
courts 100 cubits long and 100 cubits
wide Foursquare the altar was in the
front of the temple then he brought me
to the vestibule of the temple and
measured the doorposts of the vestibule
five cubits on this side and five cubits
on that side and the width of the
Gateway was three cubits on this side
and three cubits on that side the length
of the vestibule was 20 cubits and the
width 11 cubits and by the steps which
led up to it there were pillars by the
doorposts one on this side and another
on that side